SUBS: CRETA STAR
So I think the hardest
part is failing my medical
four times. not being
able to go back to work.
Did all my injuries. the
doctors put me on all these
pills. which goes against
everything I believe in.
I stand up. getting
addicted to the pills. and
start drinking. and get
going down that rabbit hole.
I also lay losing custody
of my daughter.
Fucking cops sure do not know.
Are they dead?
No. no. yeah.
You guys are fucking crazy?
How do I know that?
Stop!
Please!
Let's do this!
It's been nearly a year.
And I'm slowly making my way back.
The good news is this weekend.
I get to see my daughter unsupervised for
the first time.
And she's also graduating.
So things are looking hopeful.
That's it.
Thank you.
It's okay.
Don't get up.
Just look at the fuck down.
Fuck it.
Is this what you were looking for?
Yeah.
I'm just going to put it here in the film
pocket.
Okay.
Next time.
Just ask.
Yeah.
I'm going to miss you.
I'm going to come back and visit all the
time.
Sure.
Yeah.
I know.
I mean. it's like halfway across the
country though.
It's a long trip.
I know dad.
I'm going to miss you too.
Yeah.
Sure.
Is that your mom?
Yeah.
You know. you should just answer it.
We're having dinner.
That would be rude.
Yes. it would.
It would be rude.
We
may message and I'll get back to you soon
as I can.
Hey. my lady.
It's your mom calling.
It was just a...
Just ringing you up to say. I'm really
excited about your graduation.
Coming up and...
You miss you.
And... Yeah.
You're really looking forward to it.
Standing the weekend with you.
Anyway. yeah.
Hope you haven't fun with your dad.
And then... See you soon.
I love you.
I tried though.
She just doesn't get it.
No. she doesn't.
And then... I just don't get
to believe today's last day.
But you know what tonight is.
You know what tonight is?
Hi.
Oh. my God.
Okay. bye.
See you soon.
Bye.
I'll stop by my first. okay?
Oh. wow.
Last bus ride.
Oh. where are we going?
This is weird.
I can't remember the last time the three
of us were at the same table together.
Wow.
That's just how special of the day it
says.
I mean. we're proud of you.
You know?
Honey. it was so excited to have you at
the house this weekend.
Actually. that's an activities planned.
I was thinking maybe tonight we could just
like watch a movie and get some pizza.
And then tomorrow we could maybe head to
the beach.
Well. tonight I'm going to a party.
Dad. did I tell you?
What party?
Oh. fuck.
I completely forgot.
That Sarah's mom. she's hosting a party
for the girls.
I mean. it's not like I could say no.
You know?
Okay. it's just that you know that this
was my first weekend with her.
And I'm just wondering why I'm finding out
about it right now.
Mom. just for tonight.
We'll still have all day Saturday and
Sunday.
We can go to the beach if you want.
Okay. I mean. she wants to hang out with
her friends.
You gotta understand that. right?
Sure.
No worries. honey.
Just make sure you're back.
First thing in the morning. like 9 A.M.
Okay. yes. great.
I'll be there first thing in the morning.
Okay.
Okay. wait. guys. can I be real?
Yes. please.
So I would home.
And I cried.
Wait. why?
Here's a joy. I hope.
Okay. don't come around like I'm happy.
but like...
Take the end of an era.
Yeah. the end of the worst era of our
life.
Yeah. you. like. ties school?
I don't think that.
But like. we're like adults now.
Isn't it like freak you out?
Yep.
I hate thought?
Okay. it is.
I think about it.
Okay.
Guys. I'm sorry. I gotta go.
What?
But it's not even 11 A.M.
She wants me home because I have to be at
her place by 9 A.M.
tomorrow.
Seriously. it's not even 11 A.M.
How much sleep do you need grandma?
Hey!
Come on. just have another dream.
Well. you guys know my mom.
I know. but why don't you tell her it's
your last day of high school today?
Trust me. she knows.
Come here.
Well. you're hanging out with us every
single day.
Is that right?
Does this?
Yeah. you have to.
We're together.
Bye.
Drive safe.
Okay. have fun.
We won't.
Okay. you don't have to hear.
Love you.
More for us.
Yeah. more for us.
I've had five of these.
Okay. well. let's make it.
This is the place boss.
Right there.
You take one of mine.
Now we take one of hers.
Blood for blood.
Hey. you're leaving the party.
sir.
Yep.
You're cute.
Come out with us.
We're having enough to party.
Either we are cool hotel.
We have party favors if you know what I
mean.
I'm good.
Thanks.
Come on. you know what to do.
Stop!
Hey. you reached my lead.
Leave me message. and I'll get back here.
Hi.
Where's my lead?
Yeah. no.
I had a meeting in San Fran last night.
But I'm on my way home right now.
Okay?
Let's give me five.
Everything's fine.
She didn't come home last night.
After a party. and should I answer in a
phone?
But what do you mean she didn't come home
last night?
She's not answering her fucking phone.
Wait.
Where is her car?
Don't.
She's don't freak out.
Okay. you always do that. can I?
Don't.
Okay?
Everything's fine.
She was taken.
I hope?
Okay.
Do not move.
I am coming over.
No. I'll be landing soon. and I'll meet
you. Sarah.
Sorry.
Which one of you is Sarah?
Me?
What the hell happened?
We don't know.
I'm so sorry.
You have to try to understand.
I didn't mean for anything bad to happen.
We're trying to figure out.
I don't know.
Maybe she just wants somewhere.
Okay.
Her car is still here.
So what the hell happened?
She left.
I saw her.
I said goodbye to her. and she left.
I feel she went alone. but she's a smart
girl.
Okay. wait.
When did she leave the house part?
Did she leave the house?
Yeah. I saw her leave.
And what time was that?
11?
Yeah. it was before 11. because she said
she was going to meet up with you at 9.
That's why she left early.
So. she left the house. but she didn't
make it to the car.
I guess.
I don't know.
She was trying to be safe.
Maybe she got picked up.
Okay. so the car is unlocked.
Maybe she got a ride?
Maybe someone picked her up?
Was she drinking?
No.
Then why would she do that?
Both of you are really irresponsible.
You should actually be getting into more
trouble.
I'm really sorry.
No!
Let me do it!
Please!
Don't!
No!
Stop!
Matt. where the fuck are you?
Yeah. no.
I've played a little just landed.
I'm getting off right now.
I'm here at the house.
Her car is here.
There's some kind of weird drag.
It's pretty drag.
You're not supposed to take in to you.
You don't want to party.
Just beat me at the police station.
The police.
All right. fine.
Let me use the police station.
No underage.
Drinking is not a good look.
My lead doesn't drink.
Sure.
She doesn't.
Stop. frees.
Go back.
Right there.
Back there.
That's her.
It looks like she left the party by
herself.
You got any other angles?
No. that's it.
Well. maybe a neighbor has a camera or
something.
Yeah. anything's possible.
We think he'll look into that.
He hasn't been 24 hours yet.
Can't do anything officially until the
missing person reports been filed.
You know the rules.
Yeah. but she's missing now.
Right. but she went to a high school
graduation party.
Maybe she went to an after party.
Or to a boy's house.
Does she have a boyfriend?
No. not that I'm aware of.
No. she does not have a boyfriend.
You know how many teenage girls have
boyfriends that the parents don't know about?
Then I would suggest you call all of her
friends parents.
And see if she met up with any of them
after she left the party.
She wouldn't not just call.
She was standing the weekend with me.
She doesn't behave like this.
I don't think she won't.
Please. please. just calm down.
I know who you are.
We all do.
Just just work with me here.
All right.
She went to a high school graduation
party.
You know how many of those happen and
people come home the next day with a story.
Especially high school graduation.
First of all. don't tell me to calm down.
Okay.
11 hours.
11 hours and we can file a missing
person's report.
All right.
And by then. hopefully by then.
She'll turn up.
But in the meantime. if you want to print
up some flyers. post them up.
My all means go ahead.
Detective. I mean. he's not really helpful
today.
Yeah.
He's fucking useless.
Jesus.
You know what?
A kid got stabbed.
Okay.
There was a hit and run last night from a
guy who stole a car.
Wacked out teenager murdered his
stepfather.
So that's what I'm dealing with.
I know how this works.
Well. then you would also know that your
daughter could possibly party a bit too
hard.
Okay.
Just take a breath.
It's not even known.
You're fucking a bit.
Look.
That's the best I can do. man.
He's the best we can do.
This is bullshit.
That detective is a dick.
He's just... he's doing his job.
He's not doing anything.
Oh. no.
I think you're just calm down.
Okay.
I'm still choosing to believe that she's
fine.
Okay.
And that you could call at any second.
I'll be so calm.
I'm not.
I'm not calm.
Okay.
I'm just as upset as you are.
Oh. it really looks like it.
You're right.
You're a. yeah.
Now maybe I should just start freaking
out.
Because that's always been helpful.
Don't start that shit again.
All right.
Fair.
Can you just tell me
how she... I'm drinking it.
She's been with guys.
She's pleased to be honest with me.
Maybe a couple of times.
Okay. but she always comes back.
And no. I don't...
I'm never seen where the book is.
I'm worried.
I... I'm too... trust me.
But... I still think... I still think
we should listen to the detective.
You know. I'm gonna go...
I'm gonna go back to the neighborhood and
see if there's any clues.
Fuck the detective.
He is not doing anything.
I don't know.
You're getting a soldier now. huh?
That's great.
Okay.
Why don't you listen to the detective.
You go make some posters.
You got the money.
Set up for a ward.
I'm gonna go do this.
You know. maybe I will.
Help you?
Yes. I hope you can.
Next door had a party last night.
I'm just over here.
And my daughter was at it.
Oh. god.
That house.
Party is always going on over there.
I need my sleep.
And his little shits are at it all night.
Got it.
Listen.
My daughter was at that party.
And she is now missing.
That is her car out there.
It's been there all night.
And I noticed that you have a door camera.
So you want to look at my personal
security footage.
Please.
Lady.
I don't understand. but I'm sorry.
Shit. I gotta get to work.
I'll leave it in the next five minutes.
I'm gonna be late.
And besides. you should let the police
handle this.
Because I really don't want to get
involved.
Okay. it's just. I literally will take me
two seconds.
I have the time marker.
It was 10.52 P.M.
last night.
That's when she was walking to the car.
I just need to look at that footage.
My security system is in my office.
And it's all whole thing to log in and
scrub through video.
It takes time.
Please.
It has to load up.
Okay.
I understand.
But if you could please.
This is my daughter.
She's missing. please.
I'm sorry.
But unfortunately. I can't.
Hey. hey.
But I'll tell you what.
Come back after six.
And I'll help you out.
Okay.
It's not gonna fucking work.
Hey. get out of my house.
You psycho bitch!
I'm sorry.
I really need to see footage.
You don't help me out.
Can you help me out?
Okay.
Just follow me this way.
So just pull up.
Last night's footage.
Having around 11 pm. yeah?
Okay.
Relax.
Wait. rewind.
Go back.
Right there.
Stop.
There she is.
Appreciate it.
Sorry.
Just needed the footage.
Thank you.
Bitch.
Fifty cash.
That's my final offer.
Take it or leave it.
Fifty cash. that's bullshit.
I can't pay more.
How much do you want?
Take a look at her.
She's fucking sexy.
You're gonna pay.
She's young.
She's fresh.
Making 150. you gotta deal.
Okay. fine.
I'll pay 150. but I need her by way.
Good. now we're in business.
Please. just look.
Just look what I'm talking about.
Look right there.
But. I mean. I don't see anything in the
car. drugs. buy.
Could be coming or going.
I mean. the video doesn't prove anything.
Where'd you get this?
Okay. it doesn't matter.
Just look.
It goes right up to her. see?
Yeah. that's an assumption.
But this video doesn't prove that.
Can you at least tell me where the car
belongs to?
You know. I can't give you that
information.
You're not a cop. and you're not working a
case.
Are you fucking serious?
At the least. this car has seen some.
Possibly yes. and I'll reach out and
question the owner of that vehicle.
But again. the video isn't proving
anything.
Dallas.
Really?
Well. that's a timely review.
Matter of fact. she is.
Yes. she's standing right here in front of
me.
I'll be sure and ask her.
What?
If that's true. you got some balls.
lady.
What are you talking about?
I think you know what I'm talking about.
They had video.
You would've done the same thing.
And now you're admitting it?
There's nothing I will do to save my
daughter.
You know what?
Turn around.
What?
You're under arrest.
Stop!
We're breaking in entering and assault.
This is bullshit.
No. you can't break into
people's homes and assault
them and try to get them to
show you the private video.
Well. let's do it.
At least you find out who the horse is
from.
At least find that out.
Then somebody stop people from coming in
here.
Jesus Christ.
Shit.
What are you want?
I already paid.
It's not what I'm calling.
What up?
Some girl. missing.
Your mom's got your own video.
It's blurry. but she's got your plates.
Are we alright?
We're alright.
What do you think about the ex-military?
Want to be hero?
I don't give a fuck about some bitch.
We pay you for shit like this.
handle it.
I'm just putting up a fight and makes it a
lot fun.
Sweetie.
I don't know.
Is there any way you could host these up
or hand them out or something?
Anything you can do. I guess. would be my
daughter.
She did it.
Yeah.
You can do it.
Hey. bartender. can I get another beer?
She's cute.
Yeah?
Have you seen her before?
No?
Would you take another look?
Look at her.
No?
Take another fucking look.
Have you seen her before?
No?
Then shut your fucking mouth.
Fucking worthless pieces you get to
fucking mouth.
So. you're positive.
You don't want to press charges.
Because what she did was against the law.
If her anyone else. you bet I would.
Plus. I mean. staying in this guy's good
book.
Wow.
You know. I wouldn't blame you if you
press charges.
I mean. girlfriend should be scared.
right?
She's fine.
Let's move forward.
We have that business plan to figure out.
That's more important.
Of course.
Be a touch.
Yes. sir.
So. should you get to go?
Yeah. she's good to go.
I think the sergeant has some paperwork
for you.
So. aren't you the lucky one. huh?
Seems a guy you kicked in the balls.
doing little business with your ex-husband.
Panel chat.
He's agreed not to press charges.
You're free to go.
But you're all too nice.
You can't be running around here like a
vigilante.
Like you're still a cop because you're
not.
You're not even military anymore.
You're just a plain old civilian.
I understood.
Yes. sir.
Listen to me.
I've said it once and I'll say it again.
Let the police do the police work.
Because if you try
something like this again. I will
personally arrest you for
interfering with an investigation.
And I'll make damn sure.
You seek prison and not some holding.
sir.
And that's going to be for more than just
a few days or a few hours.
Get you underift.
How'd you that?
Don't test me.
Relax.
She's a civilian now.
She's a damn sexy woman. friend.
Are you out of your mind?
My daughter has been kidnapped.
I need it to do that.
You need it to assault people.
What the fuck?
What are you doing?
I was putting up fucking posters.
Yeah.
You got any calls?
She's the thing.
It has the police station.
I don't actually know.
I would do anything to know where she is.
You mean get her back?
Oh. you do not know that she was
kidnapped.
When are you going to get it through your
thick. fucking skull?
Something really fucking bad is happening
here.
Regardless. you do not go around
assaulting people and tying them up.
That's why the police exist.
Fuck the police!
You know what?
You do you?
I am trained to do this.
What are you going to do?
I'm not bailing you out again.
Why don't you go put up some fucking
posters?
Hi. excuse me.
I'm really sorry.
I'm sorry.
I have an emergency.
Do you mind if I just push ahead.
please?
Thank you.
I really appreciate it.
Thanks very much.
I apologize.
Listen. I've been in an accident.
It's kind of like a hit and run situation.
The guy has taken off.
I did get his license plate. but I just
need to get his address right here.
If you could look this up for me.
please.
I can't give you that information.
You're going to have to call the police
and file a report.
I need the address.
It's just for insurance.
I can't help you.
This is the wrong place.
I don't even need the name.
Please. if you could just look this up.
That's all I need.
I can't help you.
Please. I have other people waiting.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Is there anything you can't?
I can't help you.
I'm sorry.
Hello?
How did you get this number?
How do I know you're telling the truth?
The detective said that they'll look into
it.
I think it's a scam.
He told me not to even talk to the guy.
Hang up if he calls back.
What exactly did this guy say?
He said that he knows the guy who took her
and that he even saw her.
I told him that he told
him to call the detective.
but he said. no. he first
needs the reward money.
I mean. he said it's taking a big risk.
Life on the line. all I kind of bullshit.
I don't know.
I have no idea if he's telling the truth.
But what if there's a possibility this
guy's telling the truth?
Yeah. that's exactly why I got that.
100.000 dollars.
Wow. okay.
I mean. he's waiting for my call.
Then you know what?
Let's call him.
Let's go.
Yeah. that's him.
All right.
Yo.
So. you. you must be the guy I was talking
to.
I'm your guy. man.
I know who took your girl.
He's got her.
Lady. I need the money first.
Yeah. you see. that's not how this is
going to work.
Yeah?
How do I know if I tell you. you don't
take off on me?
You think I'm stupid?
How do we know that you're not going to
scam us 100.000 dollars?
It's a lot of money.
It's not a scam.
Fuck. do you think you're talking to?
I'm risking my fucking life even being
here talking to you.
They find out I talked. I'm dead.
Bad people got her.
Nasty people.
Listen.
You can give us any random name you want.
You can say anything.
No. bro.
This is real intel.
I know exactly who the dudes are that got
her.
Now. if you don't want to pay.
that's fine.
I don't need this fucking headache.
Wait. wait.
We can pay.
You brought the money?
Here?
Of course. I got the money here.
Let me see the cash. so I'll know you're
not lying.
All right. give me the bag.
You're going to tell us where she is
first.
I tell you where she is. you don't give me
that bag.
Okay.
You're a con artist and you're not a very
good fucking one.
We're done.
We're out of here.
Let's go.
Whoa. whoa.
Easy. man.
Give me the bag.
Fuck.
It's a nice piece.
Take it off.
This is my fucking dad.
This is mine now. motherfucker.
This is my fucking dad. man.
It's mine now.
Heave.
Sleep. pretty fucking well.
Hey!
You fucking you looking at it.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Easy.
You got moves?
How about this?
You get that to him.
It's your lucky fucking day.
Let's go.
Dad. it's so dark.
It's so sorry.
I said. did you convince him to come with
you?
No.
Don't believe you.
Was it worth it?
Do you ever help people. or do you just
fucking taunt them?
That is my husband. and I love him.
My daughter is still missing.
Just know that when I worked for the law.
I actually fucking saved people.
There wasn't a piece of shit.
You know I would feel bad for you.
Except you're doing everything within your
power. not to let us help you.
Everything we've told you not to do.
you've done it anyway.
This could have all been avoided.
He could still be alive.
But you chose this.
Maybe I did.
The damn right you did.
It's our stop it.
I need you to kill her.
This little woman is that much of a
problem?
Yeah. she's a problem for all of us.
I need that problem solved.
As soon as the daughter saw it.
I will handle them all.
Just get it done.
I got to make some money. so I can afford
to do business with you.
Think. think. think.
Very easy. Tammy.
Long last time.
Good to see you.
What's it been. two of yours?
Hmm.
Think so.
Yeah. yeah.
Try calling you. but
you're... Sel didn't work.
Well. probably dated from numbers since I
saw you last.
It's good to see you.
Look. you caught me.
Just got back from Germany. Kuwait. next
week. private sectors where the money's at.
Agency would love someone like you.
Yeah. I appreciate that. but kind of here
on a personal matter.
I need you help.
What can I do for you?
I need some guns.
You need guns.
Right this way.
You need this information. it's very
illegal. but it was my kid.
I do the same thing.
I really appreciate this man.
Please. I have to wrap it in Gaza.
I owe you my life.
There we go.
A.K.A.
dogs.
Works for the Russians.
There are bunches savages.
Got their hands and everything.
Human trafficking included.
Fuck. let's go back.
Thirty-one ninety-four Kenmar Street
Rockland.
So far from here.
Got some nice toys. bone.
Oh. yeah.
Mine if I borrow this one.
You're not going to bring a bag with a
body on that area.
Well. there's this guy who has my
daughter.
Here.
Look at this.
This is what you need.
Go scun. no serial. no nothing.
Completely untraceable.
Yeah.
Let's go.
Thank you.
You need my hand in this one.
I can't afford you. bone.
I don't want you. money.
I'm happy to help.
Besides.
They owe you one.
Let me pay you back.
Okay. thank you.
I've never seen you so nervous.
It's a daughter.
We get it. don't worry.
This is like we got that report around the
belt fast.
It's fucking crazy.
This place is a shittle.
That's a spot.
Come and go in and suss it out.
Tell me. you absolutely certain you want
to get your hands dirty like this.
Here.
We're not overseas. you know.
There will be repercussions.
She don't want to call the police.
The cops are fucking useless.
She's in there.
I gotta go get her out.
We're enough.
You get to do this with me.
Yeah.
Thank you.
We'll be on this.
Hey. I'm looking to get a room.
What?
Yeah. I'm looking to get a room with a
young girl.
You.
Yeah.
Are you sure you're in the right place?
I'm sure.
Yeah. I got a woman with a poor room.
There's a woman that wants a girl.
That's too unfucker.
She's not the normal clientele.
Thanks for paying.
Yeah. I think so.
I should pay take the money.
She can look her fucking up.
Fuck I care.
Yeah. she's good.
I'm gonna need love too.
It's um. 5.5 hour. 800 for an hour.
I'll take half hour.
You.
Stop.
Okay.
Okay. I need your help.
I need you to help me.
Have you seen this girl?
I think so.
Yeah. when?
Yesterday. I don't know.
Are you sure?
I think so.
I need you to sit down.
Right here.
I need you to stay here and don't move.
Okay?
Whoa.
Where are you going?
Can't come here.
Is that dots?
Where are you with?
Just need to talk to him.
I think you should go.
Have you seen this girl?
Where are she?
I don't fucking know.
The fuck off me.
Where are she?
Kilometer 83.
Thanks.
Phone?
Yeah.
Keep pressure on her.
Shit. ambulance.
You should go. go.
Yeah. yeah. I won't say word.
All right.
Detective.
what can I do for you?
You took this way too far.
You crossed the line on this one.
No. I know you were a part of this.
Go fuck with me.
I had been on these streets for 20 fucking
years.
Yeah. I got no idea what you're talking
about.
Really?
No idea that you're armed with money.
Rodney. bone decided to run those plates
for you.
And then the two of you show up here in a
warpath.
You think I'm gonna get it?
I'm sorry. Detective. but I'm just not
following.
Now you're lucky.
You've lived.
You need to stop what you're doing and
turn yourself in immediately.
Or things are gonna end badly for you.
Don't worry about me.
You should be worried about finding my
daughter.
47.524 dollars and 33 cents.
Are you sure you want to withdraw all of
your check-ins and savings?
Yeah.
All right. no problem.
All right. I'll be late.
Yeah. I'm here to see Docs.
I'm ready by that name here.
I mean. did you have business with Docs?
You need business with me.
What do we got here?
What was that for?
Fuck you all. baby.
Like I said. I'm here to do business with
Docs.
You need to get the fuck out of here.
I'm not leaving.
Get the fuck out of here before you get
hurt or something you're already on.
I remember you.
Put the gun down.
Okay. okay.
Let's go bitch.
Tell me. have a seat please.
Docs?
You found me.
You have my daughter.
What did you expect coming up here?
Did you expect to run a welcoming?
A cup of coffee or a warm piece of apple
pie with vanilla ice cream?
You know what I took to go.
Why?
Because you killed my brother.
my brother Alfredo.
So this is personal?
Yes.
I do a lot of research of you.
Yeah. I'm flattered.
Very impressive. most sergeant.
Listen. I have money.
Okay. I can buy her back.
I'm afraid this is peanuts.
But I take you money and on the list.
I will buy a new watch for it.
Docs. where is she?
I'm afraid she's already gone.
Did a nice video took some good pictures.
You got a sweet price for her.
But tell me if you got a better one.
You and I will have a big problem.
Because you're causing a lot of trouble
and I don't like trouble.
You need to be punished for this.
After I beat you from my own pleasure.
you will be executed right there.
I've been working on outside. right?
How did it feel?
Did you know that one of the guys who
killed of was a very good friend of mine?
And the other guy who killed was my
cousin.
He was a very nice kid.
He did not deserve to die.
I think I'm trying my upper coat.
What?
I didn't feel.
And one other guy who killed actually I
didn't like him that much.
But anyway. you need to be punished.
And don't worry. your daughter will be in
good hands.
I know the buyer.
I know that he would take good care of
her.
Wait. wait. wait. fuck. fuck. fuck.
fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
This is for our fellow.
Just match what I'm going in.
You need to make my day tough.
huh?
Listen. what happened to your face?
Man. man. man.
Okay. please. I just need you to listen to
me.
I know it's just going to sound crazy.
okay?
My daughter has been kidnapped.
I am being chased by these guys.
They have guns.
Okay. first off. man. please come down.
I already asked you for your license.
I don't have to ask again.
Man. you don't need to take that tone with
me.
You're not fucking listen to your hands.
right?
My daughter has been kidnapped.
Look at me.
Look behind me.
Step out of the vehicle now.
Look behind you.
Well.
I'm in the canyon road drive.
There's this woman.
I think she's been shot. I'm not sure if
she has a lot of blood on her face.
Yeah. what's up?
Did you remember that missing girl back in
96?
Yeah. pretty blonde girls. who's young.
That was your back.
Yeah. what's up. Sarge?
Looks like that sergeant took a little too
far this time.
She's dead?
She's about to be.
She took a few big hits to the chest.
She's in the hospital.
That's back there.
That's sad.
Yeah. real sad.
Excuse me?
All right.
Tammy Fenton.
How long have I been out for?
Three days.
Five?
Well. you got shot.
Do you know if they found my daughter?
Your daughter?
I don't know anything about that.
I've had some afraid to speak to.
Please. please get someone.
Okay. I'll see if I can find somebody.
Can I get the room. please?
Thank you.
Seriously?
You fucking serious?
You're not a lot of trouble. Tammy.
You're lucky to be alive.
That's trying to find my daughter.
You really haven't been a lot of help?
You know. when you have. huh?
What about you?
Tell me what you've done.
To help you find your daughter.
Let's see you.
Got in your ex murdered.
Got in your body's shot.
There's a trail of dead bodies.
All over town that point to you.
Do you want to be telling me which one of
those helped you cause?
That's it's me.
I get it.
I spoke to the person that took her.
The same person that shot me.
Docs?
Yes. Docs.
And I did a little digging on Docs.
Seems he's more connected than we thought.
He's extremely dangerous.
Okay. so. they were saying something about
the general.
Do you know anything about a general?
No. I don't.
But I'll search for him.
I'm sure you will.
What next?
Not next for you. Tammy.
You're sought to the police officer.
I didn't have a fucking choice.
Good luck telling that to the judge.
You please just try to find out who the
general is.
No.
See. the only thing you're going to find
out is the inside of a jail sale.
Because you broke the law in regards to
your daughter.
Yeah. I'll do some more research.
But if we find
anything. it's going to be
the police and me that
do the investigating.
These days of you thinking it's the wild.
wild west.
Are you over?
She's not dead.
Who's not dead?
You know who.
Fuck.
Yeah.
She keeps up.
This is going to be bad.
She's got to go.
Well. that's going to be tough.
Consider she's on a way to prison to wait
trial.
I know people on the inside.
You better start calling in some favors.
Don't worry.
I'll make this happen.
I make sure she dies this time.
Yeah.
I've heard that before.
Finish it.
You got the keys. right?
Yeah.
You escaped from prison or something?
It's a long story.
So the only thing left to do now is search
for him in the dark web.
And lucky for us. I can run a facial
recognition program.
And scan thousands of documents in
seconds.
One of the perks that work after the
Chinese.
You're amazing.
Rosa.
That's the dark web for you.
You can find anything.
Drugs. kiddie porn. harness ass and drugs.
It's disgusting.
So what do we do now to eat?
I book her. and then they send an address.
How does this work?
First. I got a upload an ID. so they know
I'm frugal.
Rather crypto.
And they give us an address.
Jordan Snyder from California.
Don't get more basic than that.
That's three grand.
I'll pay you back.
Don't worry about it.
I do pretty well these days.
Nine. nine. four.
Oh. wagon road.
That's a dump.
So what's the plan?
Set your rescue.
I don't plan again.
Okay.
Let's be smart about this.
I go in his Jordan.
Get nearer with Mili. and then we get the
fuck out of there.
It looks like every
room is a window. so
hopefully it's big enough
to squeeze through.
What about comms?
So I'll have an earpiece.
You can hear everything. and I'll tell you
when to come. okay?
Okay.
Let's do this.
Not that one.
This one.
V12 will approve supercharge.
It's happening.
Look. we don't know where room she's in.
Okay.
We should be finishing this mission in
less than five minutes.
Without a shopping fire.
We don't need to draw any unwanted
attention to ourselves.
That's supposed to have a plan.
we?
Let's try and stick with plan A.
Don't want to be shot again.
Hi.
Good luck.
Good luck. fuck luck.
Let's get this done.
Got you.
I'm here to see a Rose.
Jordan Snyder.
You're good.
Right. isn't it?
Molly.
Are you doing?
We're friend of your mother. okay?
You're at the rescue you.
Yeah.
Bound.
Doc has seen you.
No fucking way.
Kill her.
Okay. I'm coming in.
Bound. you got her?
Bound come back.
Watch him.
Bound be her.
Sweet here. honey.
Get by me.
Fucking piece of shit.
Just fucking do it.
Fucking kill me.
Weapons down now.
Weapons down.
We've got him.
We got him.
It's dark.
Yeah. see that.
Making a lot of noise there.
Docs?
Kill her.
Dance to your question.
I'm the fucking general.
I get shit done around here.
You fucking scumbag.
Nothing personal.
How much do you pay for your fucking
conscience?
More than an detective salary.
It's about time you guys showed up.
Let's go.
Detective Dallas.
Put the gun down.
Yep.
I got it.
Guns down.
Detective Dallas.
You're under arrest for the murder.
Murder.
What?
She killed those guys.
Yeah. well. your dashcam tells a different
story.
Chief. she's lying.
She's lying.
You fucking bitch.
It's okay.
I have to arrest you too.
Can you just give me a minute with my
daughter?
You're a fugitive.
Can you just give me a second?
It's okay.
Okay. I'm going to take you away.
Okay. okay.
It's okay.
We have the video.
You can use that to get you a good plea
deal. alright?
I'll walk you all the way through it.
You didn't deserve to be treated like
this.
Hey. hey. hey.
Hey. hey.
I'm proud of you. Mom.
Hey.
I gotta ask you one thing. Mom.
The guy who killed that.
What about it?
I know you.
You want to get revenge.
Don't deny you've been thinking about it.
I know how your brain works.
Okay. that's enough. honey.
Don't worry.
You're brain about it.
It's fine.
Go in relax.
SUBS: CRETA STAR